Flippant - Not showing a serious or respectful attitude.
Abhorrent - inspiring disgust and loathing; repugnant.
Axiom - a statement or proposition which is regarded as being established, accepted, or self-evidently true.
nuance - a subtle difference in shade of meaning, expression, or sound.
Pernicious - having a harmful effect, especially in a gradual or subtle way.
Dissonance - a tension or clash resulting from the combination of two disharmonious or unsuitable elements.
Precocious - showing the qualities or abilities of an adult at an unusually early age
Tenet - a principle or belief, especially one of the main principles of a religion or philosophy.
Indignant - feeling or showing anger or annoyance at what is perceived as unfair treatment.
Apoplectic - overcome with anger; extremely indignant.
Conjecture
Pithy
Aphorism
Capacious
Approbation
convoluted
Elucidate - make clear, explain (something)
Noxious - harmful, poisonous, very unpleasant.
Litigious - concerned with lawsuits or litigations
Pragmatic - dealing with things sensibly or realistically in a way that is based on practical rather than theoretical considerations
Granular - resembling or consisting of small grains or particles
Intractable - hard to control or deal with
indignant
Taxonomy - branch of science concerned with classification, mainly of organisms.
Existential - relating to existence
Voracious 
Diminutive - extremely or unusually small
Neophyte - A person who is new to a skill, subject, or belief
Antithesis - A person or thing that is the direct opposite of someone/something else
Febrile - having or showing the symptom of a fever
Credulous - Having or showing too great a readiness to believe things
Austere - Severe or strict in manner, attitude, appearance
Capacious - Having a lot of space inside; Roomy.
Haranguing - to lecture someone at length in an aggressive or critical manner
Orthogonal - Statistically independent
demarcate - separate of distinguish from
analogous - comparable in certain respects, typically in a way which makes clearer the nature of the things compared.
Avaricious - having or showing an extreme greed for wealth or material gain.
Execrate - to feel or express great loathing for
Tacitly - in a way that is understood or implied without being directly stated
Innocuous - not harmful or offensive
anodyne - serving to alleviate pain l
persiflage - light and slightly contemptuous mockery or banter.
superfluous - unnecessary, especially through being more than enough.
Demur - raise doubts or objections or show reluctance.
Postulant - a candidate, especially one seeking admission into a religious order.
Simian - relating to, resembling, or affecting apes or monkeys.
Sordid - involving ignoble actions and motives; arousing moral distaste and contempt.
Pathos - a quality that evokes pity or sadness
Biforcate
Beseech - ask (someone) urgently and fervently to do something; implore; entreat.
analogous - comparable in certain respects, typically in a way which makes clearer the nature of the things compared.
Clamorous - making a loud and confused noise.
Oligarchy - a small group of people having control of a country, organization, or institution.
Pilfering - steal (typically things of relatively little value).
prowess 
Ossify - become rigid or fixed in attitude or position; Cease developing.
Pejorative - a word expressing contempt or disapproval.
Meritocracy - government or the holding of power by people selected on the basis of their ability.
Remonstrance - a forcefully reproachful protest
Capitulate - to surrender often after negotiation of terms
voracious - wanting or devouring great quantities of food.
obfuscate - render obscure, unclear, or unintelligible.
Interminable - endless (often used hyperbolically).
Efficacy - the ability to produce a desired or intended result.
Intractable - hard to control or deal with.
Etiolated - having lost vigor or substance; feeble.
Solipsism - the quality of being very self-centered or selfish.
Taxonomy - the branch of science concerned with classification, especially of organisms; systematics.
Torpid - mentally or physically inactive; lethargic.
Didactic - intended to teach, particularly in having moral instruction as an ulterior motive.
Intermittently - at irregular intervals; not continuously or steadily.
granularity - the scale or level of detail present in a set of data or other phenomenon.
Prosaic - commonplace; unromantic.
Affinity - a similarity of characteristics suggesting a relationship, especially a resemblance in structure between animals, plants, or languages; a spontaneous or natural liking or sympathy for someone or something.
Tenure - the holding of an office.
Heuristic - proceeding to a solution by trial and error or by rules that are only loosely defined; Enabling someone to discover or learn something for themselves. Voluptuously - in a sexually attractive way with large breasts and hips.
Decant - gradually pour (liquid, typically wine or a solution) from one container into another, especially without disturbing the sediment.
Indefatigable - (of a person or their efforts) persisting tirelessly.
Viviparous - (of an animal) bringing forth live young that have developed inside the body of the parent.
Fidelity - faithfulness to a person, cause, or belief, demonstrated by continuing loyalty and support.
Tacitly - in a way that is understood or implied without being directly stated.
Pejorative - expressing contempt or disapproval.
Maudlin - self-pityingly or tearfully sentimental, often through drunkenness.
Aperture - an opening, hole, or gap.
Scrupulous - (of a person or process) diligent, thorough, and extremely attentive to details.
Myopic - lacking imagination, foresight, or intellectual insight.
rancor - bitterness or resentfulness, especially when long-standing.
Indignant - feeling or showing anger or annoyance at what is perceived as unfair treatment.
Palimpsest - something reused or altered but still bearing visible traces of its earlier form.
Abject - (of something bad) experienced or present to the maximum degree.
Ambient - relating to the immediate surroundings of something
Aggregate - a whole formed by combining several (typically disparate) elements.
Noxious - harmful, poisonous, or very unpleasant.
ontological - relating to the branch of metaphysics dealing with the nature of being.
perturbation - anxiety; mental uneasiness.
Antithesis - a person or thing that is the direct opposite of someone or something else.
Amenable -(of a person) open and responsive to suggestion; easily persuaded or controlled.
Topography - the arrangement of the natural and artificial physical features of an area.
Pragmatic - dealing with things sensibly and realistically in a way that is based on practical rather than theoretical considerations.
Sinecure - a position requiring little or no work but giving the holder status or financial benefit.
Placate - make (someone) less angry or hostile.
Placid - (of a person or animal) not easily upset or excited.
pedagogical - relating to teaching.
Equivocal - open to more than one interpretation; ambiguous.
Obfuscate - render obscure, unclear, or unintelligible.
Analogous - comparable in certain respects, typically in a way which makes clearer the nature of the things compared.
Modular - employing or involving a module or modules as the basis of design or construction.
Pedantic - of or like a pedant (a person who is excessively concerned with minor details and rules or with displaying academic learning.)
Proletariat - workers or working-class people, regarded collectively (often used with reference to Marxism).
stochastic - randomly determined; having a random probability distribution or pattern that may be analyzed statistically but may not be predicted precisely.
sanguine - optimistic or positive, especially in an apparently bad or difficult situation.
Pejorative - expressing contempt or disapproval.
Elucidate-make (something) clear; explain.
Furtive-attempting to avoid notice or attention, typically because of guilt or a belief that discovery would lead to trouble; secretive.
Euphemism - a mild or indirect word or expression substituted for one considered to be too harsh or blunt when referring to something unpleasant or embarrassing.
Elucidate - make (something) clear; explain.
Dissonance - a tension or clash resulting from the combination of two disharmonious or unsuitable elements.
Varicose - affected by a condition causing the swelling and tortuous lengthening of veins, most often in the legs.
Tactile - of or connected with the sense of touch.
Lucid - expressed clearly; easy to understand.
Derisive - expressing contempt or ridicule.
Unctuous - excessively or ingratiatingly flattering; oily.
Orthogonal - of or involving right angles; at right angles.
Arduously-in a way that is difficult and needs a lot of effort and energy.
Tepid - showing little enthusiasm.
Anthropomorphic - having human characteristics.
Irreverent - showing a lack of respect for people or things that are generally taken seriously.
Abhorrent-inspiring disgust and loathing; repugnant.
Summarily - in a prompt or immediate manner; without the customary formalities.
Colloquially - in the language of ordinary or familiar conversation; informally.
Neophyte - a person who is new to a subject, skill, or belief.
Existential - relating to existence.
Pernicious - having a harmful effect, especially in a gradual or subtle way.
phenomenological - relating to the science of phenomena as distinct from that of the nature of being.
Quiescent - in a state or period of inactivity or dormancy.
convex - having an outline or surface curved like the exterior of a circle or sphere.
Litigious - unreasonably prone to go to law to settle disputes.
Myopic-lacking imagination, foresight, or intellectual insight.
Aggregate - a whole formed by combining several (typically disparate) elements.
Asymptotic - approaching a value or curve arbitrarily closely.
parsimonious - unwilling to spend money or use resources; stingy or frugal.
Evangelist - a person who seeks to convert others to the Christian faith, especially by public preaching.
Fratricide - the killing of one's brother or sister.
Fiduciary - involving trust, especially with regard to the relationship between a trustee and a beneficiary.
Innocuous
repugnant